---
title: Camping set-up
author: pretheesh
date: 2022-10-09 20:55:00 +0800
categories: [Life]
tags: [Camping in UAE]
pin: true
---

Winter season in UAE is very different than the rest of the world. Winter her is all about going out, camping, being with nature etc. The 4-5 months of pleasant weather helps the residents to finally go out and enjoy the outdoors. Out of these, there is a large group of people who spends their weekend in the deserts, or wadis, or mountains camping. And I am one of them.

I have been camping during the winter seasons for atleast 10 years now. Like most, I also started as a wannabe and I feel confident to call myself an expert now.

# Where to camp?

> WIP
{: .prompt-tip }

Winter season in UAE is very different than the rest of the world. Winter her is all about going out, camping, being with nature etc. The 4-5 months of pleasant weather helps the residents to finally go out and enjoy the outdoors.

## subtitle

Out of these, there is a large group of people who spends their weekend in the deserts, or wadis, or mountains camping. And I am one of them.

# What to pack ?

> WIP
{: .prompt-tip }

# How to be responsible?

There are several ways to be responsible while camping:

1. Leave your campsite better than you found it: This means packing out all trash and litter, and leaving the area clean and free from any kind of damage.

2. Follow the local rules and regulations: Different camping areas have different rules and regulations that you need to follow. Make sure to research the rules and regulations for the camping area you're visiting, and follow them to avoid any fines or penalties.

3. Be respectful of the environment: When camping, it's important to minimize your impact on the environment. This means leaving the natural surroundings undisturbed, avoiding activities that may harm the local wildlife, and using biodegradable soap and other products.

4. Be considerate of other campers: Camping is a shared experience, and it's important to be considerate of other people who are also using the camping area. This means keeping your campsite clean and orderly, avoiding loud noises or music that may disturb others, and respecting the privacy and space of other campers.

5. Plan ahead and prepare for the trip: Before you go camping, it's important to plan ahead and make sure you have everything you need for the trip. This means packing the right gear, bringing enough food and water, and making sure you have a plan for dealing with any emergencies that may arise.

> WIP
{: .prompt-tip }

# Where to find help ?

> WIP
{: .prompt-tip } 
